hey everyone welcome to another day of
sierra unlocked this is the last lesson
in week two and technically the last
lesson of the course i'm really happy
that you've gone this far if you missed
any of the other previous lessons you
can find them all at neilpatel.com
training and click on cro unlocked
before we go over everything that we
learned and some important lessons for
you to take away i want to first start
off by reading this quote from mark
zuckerberg at any given point in time
there isn't just one version of facebook
running there are probably ten thousand
how are people connecting how are people
sharing do people have more friends in
this version of course business metrics
this is very important because if you
want to really improve your numbers and
your revenue you got to continue to test
whether it's a b testing or multivariate
test it's super important jeff bezos
himself once said if you double the
number of experiments you do per year
you're going to double your
inventiveness
so continually run tests and there's a
lot of big brands that do this whether
it's facebook amazon google disney
virgin atlantic starbucks chipotle
walgreens target
and even a ton of small and medium
businesses
the important takeaway is great
businesses are built off of years of
iteration
you're not going to get the results you
want with one or two a b tests or even
five or ten you're gonna have to run
hundreds over time
and that's how companies like toyota are
built it's a lot of little changes over
time amazon didn't just pop up and be a
gigantic company again it's a lot of
little changes over time
the right cro process is to track
correct data research and discover
plan your test and this is super
important you need to really plan and
prioritize
design and implement refine and iterate
and then rinse and repeat
by doing this you'll constantly improve
because sometimes you'll run tests that
don't work out and you need to refine
and iterate or sometimes they work out
really well
and typically as the saying goes where
there's gold keep digging and that's
where you continue to refine and double
down and iterate on the stuff that's
working
i want you to download the cro
taskmaster worksheet this is all the
stuff that you need to do to be
successful with cro you can find this
all at neilpatel.com training click on
cr unlocked it's in week two and it's
the last lesson in there
so what do you do next well make sure
after completing this course you will
find the change you need and will apply
it to your own website if you don't take
action and implement everything that
you're learning we're not going to do as
well
and if you're thinking about doing it
manually you can but might as well use
tools like crazy egg
it works really well to track your heat
maps your revenue
it helps really track your conversion
points what's driving more revenue more
leads or more sales and it tells you and
shows you what's wrong so you can fix it
and constantly do better
crazy egg is the industry leading sas
analytics platform that tracks and
optimizes the user experience
of more than one billion visitors every
single month that's a lot of traffic and
they serve over a hundred thousand
customers and crazy
helps with buying behavior and
understanding customer psychology it
allows you to learn what customers are
doing why and what they're really
looking for so you can show it to them
more often and a lot of big brands use
crazy you can see someone on the screen
here and some more even here
and they have a lot of testimonials of
people saying how it's great and i just
recommend that you just check it out i
use it to grow my conversions as well
so how do you get the most out of this
course well i want you to review this
program multiple times over the next 12
months use the modules as your roadmap
and review them when you get stuck and
work with the lessons the worksheets and
it doesn't take you long to spend a few
hours here and there and you'll be
better off compared to not doing
anything
and don't reinvent the wheel just keep
iterating your sales process and your
conversions over time until you reach a
million plus in sales if not 10 million
or 100 million depending what your goals
are
cro is a valuable skill which will serve
you for years to come especially with
the increased cost of ads
so congratulations for completing the
course if you enjoyed it
like the video share it tell people
about it make sure you sign up for crazy
egg if you have any questions leave a
comment below and i'll do my best to
answer it and make sure you subscribe to
my channel and if you just want us to do
your cro for you check out my ad agency
neil patel digital thank you